{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 	This phase of the project was interesting, as it was less focused on the actual thought involved with forming code but more focused on formatting, transitioning to HTML, and linking services together.  Overall, the experience was interesting as it was very \'93real world.\'94  The parts I enjoyed the most were the actual implementation of the HTML file and testing the local host on the web.  These felt new in a very interesting way, and was a fun insight on how web developers create interfaces. \
	The parts of phase 2 that I found challenging were the implementation of HTML style within the python code and figuring out the small errors that would appear if the format did not suffice for the inventory_copy.py python code.  For implementing the HTML within python, there were many places to easily miss where certain additions such as line breaks would need to be added in order to make the appearance on the local host match with the part one output.  Mainly, the errors such as \'93None Type\'94 not being allowed to concatenate with list or string type would be frustrating.  These would require formatting everything to a string to be returned which took time to realize, as well as fix every component to comply with.  Overall, this phase had its frustrating points, but proved to be interesting and worth the time with the result in the end.}